README.md, before:

# AI Voice Assistant Using Python

A project to build an AI voice assistant using Python . The Voice assistant interacts with the humans to perform basic tasks.

### About Olivia :

![Olivia](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89806110/169019759-d62ca434-b453-4f08-a188-1d2ffc53877f.gif)

Olivia is an AI voice assistant service built using Vscode. It can be understand human speech and perform basic task designed by the client.

When the user specify the appropriate trigger words , The Olivia gets activated and executes the user commands.


Olivia AI Voice assistant:"Loading your personal Assistant Olivia....Hello, Good Morning" (Greets the user according to time)

# Installation
#### <u><i>Download The Latest Version Of Python</u></i>.[<b>Click Here</b>](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

#### <u><i>Download The Latest Version Of The Git</u></i>.[<b>Click Here</b>](https://git-scm.com/download/win)

```
git clone https://github.com/shameemkabeer/python_voice_assistant.git 
```
```
cd python_voice_assistant
```
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### To open the main olivia voice assistant python file run the code given below
```
python .\olivia.py
```

# Main Functions

* Wikipedia Searches
* Live Weather Reports
* Open Camera
* Open Command Prompt
* Finding Ip Address
* Open Google
* Search Google
* Play Youtube
* Switch Voice Of The Voice Assistant
* Automatic Google Search Of Any Things You Should Say
* Time/Date
* Fun with you (Telling comedy's) 
  
# Commands
### <i><u>Olivia Common Commands</u></i>
* What is your name
* How are you
* Who are you
* What is your purpose/what's your purpose
* What is your process/what's your process
* Thanks/Thankyou
* Ok
* No

### <i><u>To terminate/stop olivia</i></u>
* Bye
* Goodbye
* Go to sleep
* quit/Exit/stop/get lost/go to hell/ 

### <i><u>Commonly used commands</i></u>
* Who i am
* Why you came to world
* Will you be my gf/bf
* Who created you
* Are you intelligent
* Are you robot
* What do you dream about
* How old are you
* What are you made of
* What is your favorite animal
* What are you scared of
* Do you have any pets
* What are you doing later
* Talk dirty to me/talk dirty with me
* Can i kiss you
* What are you wearing
* What your favorite movie
* Whats the date/date
* Whats the time/time
  
### <i><u>wikipedia</i></u>
* Who is (mention what you need to get from wikipedia)
* Tell me about (mention what you need to get from wikipedia)

### <i><u>Telling comedy</i></u>
* Tell me a comedy
* Tell me a joke
* Tell me humour
  
### <i><u>Ip finding</i></u>
* Whats my ip
* Find my ip

### <i><u>Os operations</i></u>
* Open camera
* Open command promt
  
### <i><u>weather detector</i></u>
* Whats the weather
* Weather

### <i><u>browser automation</i></u>
* Open google
* Search google
* Play youtube

### <i><u>Switch the voice of the voice assistant</i></u>
* Switch voice
* Change voice
* Then say the command (switch male voice to switch male voice)
* If you want the default olivia voice just say (any related olivia) Eg:-want back to olivia's voice like this)
* NB :- (To switch the male or default voice you must say the switch voice/change voice command)


## What is a Voice Assistant?

A voice assistant or intelligent personal assistant is a software agent that can perform tasks or services for an individual based on verbal commands i.e. by interpreting human speech and respond via synthesized voices. Users can ask their assistants’ questions, control home automation devices, and media playback via voice, and manage other basic tasks.

Commit message:

requirements and readme updated and speech recognition pyaudio module added

README.md, after:

# AI Voice Assistant Using Python

A project to build an AI voice assistant using Python . The Voice assistant interacts with the humans to perform basic tasks.

### About Olivia :

![Olivia](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89806110/169019759-d62ca434-b453-4f08-a188-1d2ffc53877f.gif)

Olivia is an AI voice assistant service built using Vscode. It can be understand human speech and perform basic task designed by the client.

When the user specify the appropriate trigger words , The Olivia gets activated and executes the user commands.


Olivia AI Voice assistant:"Loading your personal Assistant Olivia....Hello, Good Morning" (Greets the user according to time)

# Installation
#### <u><i>Download The Latest Version Of Python</u></i>.[<b>Click Here</b>](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

#### <u><i>Download The Latest Version Of The Git</u></i>.[<b>Click Here</b>](https://git-scm.com/download/win)

```
git clone https://github.com/shameemkabeer/python_voice_assistant.git 
```
```
cd python_voice_assistant
```
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
```
pip install PyAudio-0.2.11-cp310-cp310-win_amd64.whl
```

### To open the main olivia voice assistant python file run the code given below
```
python .\olivia.py
```
### If recognition is not working properly vist the website [Pyaudio](https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/) and download pyaudio which compitable with your python version

# Main Functions

* Wikipedia Searches
* Live Weather Reports
* Open Camera
* Open Command Prompt
* Finding Ip Address
* Open Google
* Search Google
* Play Youtube
* Switch Voice Of The Voice Assistant
* Automatic Google Search Of Any Things You Should Say
* Time/Date
* Fun with you (Telling comedy's) 
  
# Commands
### <i><u>Olivia Common Commands</u></i>
* What is your name
* How are you
* Who are you
* What is your purpose/what's your purpose
* What is your process/what's your process
* Thanks/Thankyou
* Ok
* No

### <i><u>To terminate/stop olivia</i></u>
* Bye
* Goodbye
* Go to sleep
* quit/Exit/stop/get lost/go to hell/ 

### <i><u>Commonly used commands</i></u>
* Who i am
* Why you came to world
* Will you be my gf/bf
* Who created you
* Are you intelligent
* Are you robot
* What do you dream about
* How old are you
* What are you made of
* What is your favorite animal
* What are you scared of
* Do you have any pets
* What are you doing later
* Talk dirty to me/talk dirty with me
* Can i kiss you
* What are you wearing
* What your favorite movie
* Whats the date/date
* Whats the time/time
  
### <i><u>wikipedia</i></u>
* Who is (mention what you need to get from wikipedia)
* Tell me about (mention what you need to get from wikipedia)

### <i><u>Telling comedy</i></u>
* Tell me a comedy
* Tell me a joke
* Tell me humour
  
### <i><u>Ip finding</i></u>
* Whats my ip
* Find my ip

### <i><u>Os operations</i></u>
* Open camera
* Open command promt
  
### <i><u>weather detector</i></u>
* Whats the weather
* Weather

### <i><u>browser automation</i></u>
* Open google
* Search google
* Play youtube

### <i><u>Switch the voice of the voice assistant</i></u>
* Switch voice
* Change voice
* Then say the command (switch male voice to switch male voice)
* If you want the default olivia voice just say (any related olivia) Eg:-want back to olivia's voice like this)
* NB :- (To switch the male or default voice you must say the switch voice/change voice command)


## What is a Voice Assistant?

A voice assistant or intelligent personal assistant is a software agent that can perform tasks or services for an individual based on verbal commands i.e. by interpreting human speech and respond via synthesized voices. Users can ask their assistants’ questions, control home automation devices, and media playback via voice, and manage other basic tasks.
